everyone is afraid of something a fear
that they'd be there never dared to face
or something to happen to them in the
past that instilled the fear inside of
them to me strangely enough I'm
terrified of commitment and opening up
to any girl that I date I was
heartbroken a few years ago after
opening up to someone for the first time
in my life and he left me insecure and
closed off for years even just admitting
this right now on camera is so is so
strange to me it's way too real but if
this video can inspire some of you who
might have gone through a heartbreak or
are closed off for whatever reason and
it's affecting your personal lives then
it's totally worth it so let's get back
to this video a few months ago for the
first time in four years I met someone
who made me feel totally different she
laughed at my stupid jokes and gave me
space to express myself like nobody had
before so a few days after we landed in
Europe Matt and Ammar told me this you
should ask her if she wants to come out
to Paris to go on a second date with you
and I don't think I felt a moment of
discomfort that was more intense than
this since we started yes theory but if
there's one thing that I've learned on
this journey with yes theory it's that
you can't run away from your fears
forever so I went for it she says yes to
this she's pretty pretty freaking cool
hi how are you I have a suggestion or a
proposal for something how would you
feel if I flew you out to Paris for a
second date in like two weeks
for real really I'm a little nervous
wait up very nervous all right this man
is freaking out she's literally meeting
my family and all of you got it being in
my hometown like I've only met her a few
times and she's coming in this
environment that's very familiar to me
and completely different for her I'm
just like anxious that she's gonna
arrive and it's gonna be weird or you
guys aren't kind of like her or my
parents it's just we have you'll be fine
my man I promise you're gonna make the
best out of it
[Music]
damn alright bye
Thomas hasn't really said anything all
morning I think he's getting in his own
head I've known him for two and a half
years and what we're doing right now is
literally his biggest fear I'm anxious
now
god damn it Thomas say something Thomas
say selfish let's go through this brain
of yours right now nothing I'm fine I
just want a moment to be here it's just
too big
the music at the vanguard is perfect
[Music]
damnit
welcoming nice dinner where'd you guys
just kept in a marking the other outside
pretty good what do you want to do where
do you want to go you just say and I'll
take you let's at least drive through
Paris yeah all right
the first we go first train ride impair
or impede on that as you say the map of
Paris some reason had an Australian
accent so we're gonna stop at capella
what do you want to see over here
[Music]
you have to try this in there I'll order
a plate of snails and you'll try one of
them yeah yeah it's really good it comes
in like pesto yes we're doing it yeah
yeah try a little book
[Music]
we're probably good just like the
thought like thinking that was strife
all together
[Music]
between you and me what's that what's
the knowing the best thing about thumbs
so for day two and as the next step and
our Parisian tour we're going to loop
all of this
very nice very nice man he's so
disappointed look he's like what come on
man
why is my penis all questions
we found it it's so pretty the way
bigger than
we can go Thomas it's Carl ain't our
Thomas do you want to go with a guy
named Carl let's go
[Music]
please don't call me Karl
are you ready for where we're going next
I don't know know where we're going
there's one thing we haven't done
pumping yet but Barbara French desert
and we happen to have a family friend
who is the number one pastry chef we've
got some for Omar - oh my god I said for
three people
oh my god wait we have to like go home
this is so much I agree can Thomas Lana
and I come to your apartment and eat
some of the best chocolates in the world
all right
[Music]
it looks like our wedding or something
let's go sit
[Music]
she has no idea what's in this hat you
should put your hand in and then take it
out
[Music]
all right so we're celebrating New
Year's this year we're gonna do in here
is the French authentic way which is by
sharing seafood platters with your best
friends I'll double it 49
[Music]
[Applause]
my brulee brulee